and the Bible says that is equal get to
this place where a question was popped
by God Sanna man can these bones live
and of course presumption would have
said of course I know they can leave God
I know you presumption would have jumped
quickly to concluding what card was
about to do not knowing what God was
about to be just like some of you
presume you know what God is up to yet
you have no clue of what God is up to
for God is up to something more than
what you thought is up to presumption
would have jumped up and said of course
I know God of course Lord I know what
you're about to do I know you so much
God you've been with me for some time
now I've been training as a priest Oh
God
I know you're Jehovah Jiri I know what
you're going to do presumption would
have done that and a lot of crystals
fall into the trap of presuming that
they know what God is up to and
sometimes actually to be honest with you
you just have no idea what God is up to
are you hearing me well presumption I
said I know what I know what you're up
to but doubt would have said no I don't
think so
thou should have said God you cannot do
this the out should have said God this
is not possible doubted of said God I've
never seen bones live before no one has
made bones live before but faith said
only you know only you know faith placed
the situation in the hands of God faith
faith faith said God only you have the
answer to the problem
her faith is the substance of things
hoped for the evidence of things not yet
seen for pi the elders obtained a good
report through faith we understand that
the world was made not from things made
by faith we understand abraham left the
city and was looking for a city whose
they can build is God by faith we
understand Abel offered a better
sacrifice then his brother favored faith
faith faith when you jump to Hebrews 11
and 6 God speaking Kaiser without faith
it is impossible to please a God I want
you to look at your neighbor today give
them a high-five and tell them without
faith it is impossible to please God
I'll tell them it's impossible to please
God I'm getting ready to preach it is
impossible to please God without faith
it is impossible to please God without
faith place the situation in the hands
of God and the Word of God came to
Ezekiel and God speaking with zekiel
Charles Ezekiel Ezekiel I want you to
prophesy to the bones huh allow me for a
few minutes to talk to the quiet
Christians and tell you that your
miracle is not coming with you being
quiet allow me to take over this place
and tell you that your miracle is not
coming by you being quiet and being
timid about the situation you've got to
speak what God tells you of the speaker
the Bible tells me that God comes to
Ezekiel in the midst of the dry bones
our God and he tells Ezekiel Ezekiel
prophesy to the bones huh Ezekiel never
rationalized Ezekiel never reasoned with
God Ezekiel never water down the word
Ezekiel never improved on the world
Ezekiel just spoke what God told him to
speak can I tell you Church that there
gets a timer when God tells you to speak
up because it is oh yes
don't you water down the Word of God
don't you improve on it just as it is if
God says let the poor say I am rich oh
don't say let the poor be in between up
if God says let the poor be rich you say
the poor will be rich if God says let
the
the stroller don't say they will be able
just say there will be strong because
you're sticking up the world of God